<h2>Our Picks</h2>

<h3>Kaya Toast Set</h3>
One of NANYANG's most popular dishes is, of course, the Kaya Toast Set. For beginners, a traditional kaya toast consists of two slices of toasted bread, smothered with "kaya spread" (which is actually a jam made of coconuts and eggs) and a large slab of butter, then sandwiched together. The taste of the kaya toast at NANYANG is very mild, with citrus hints. It actually tastes better when dipped in a bowl filled with two soft-boiled eggs drizzled with super-thick soy sauce and pepper. Here's a tip: use the kaya toast, not the spoon, to mix the eggs together. Also, the soft-boiled eggs at NANYANG come served still in their eggshells, so be careful when cracking them. 🙂

And nothing goes best with kaya toast and two soft-boiled eggs than a cup of kopi (coffee) or teh (tea). You can choose either between the two (but, of course, not both), and you can have it either hot or cold. I chose the iced teh which is similar to your typical milk tea, but with a creamy and milky texture (because of the evaporated milk and condensed milk used to make it), and has a slightly stronger tea taste (similar to a traditional Thai Milk Tea)

<h2>Conclusion</h2>
In all, NANYANG gives its customers some Singaporean coffee shop vibe with its tile art and the sights of kopi and teh being prepared before your eyes. Their kaya toast is very mild, while their iced teh is slightly stronger than your usual milk tea fix. Indeed, NANYANG gives everyone a taste of what Singaporean cuisine has to offer, most especially how Singaporeans start the day right.

<h2>Restaurant Info</h2>
Address: Lower Ground Floor SM Aura Premier, Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City, Metro Manila, Philippines (+ Other Branches Available) [1]

Opening Hours: 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily [1]

FB Page: https://www.facebook.com/NanyangPh/

<h2>Sources</h2>
[1] https://www.spot.ph/eatdrink/the-latest-eat-drink/74089/nanyang-sm-aura-bgc-a23-20180614-lfrm