<h3>2pc Popeyes Chicken with Biscuit and Drink (plus Cajun Rice)</h3>
The Popeyes Chicken might look like another fried chicken from a popular fast food chain, but only better. Popeyes Chicken has a very crunchy batter coating, and the taste leans more on the savory and peppery side rather than on the sweet and buttery side. It comes with gravy (which actually tastes no different from the gravies of other fast food chains), a biscuit, and a drink of your choice.

But out of curiosity, I also ordered an additional side of Cajun Rice. It actually tastes very great with the chicken, and it's actually just good old fried rice mixed with ground meat, and it gives a kick in your mouth (well, the texture’s more like rice and spicy corned tuna/beef simply mixed together).

Also, the biscuits come with your choice of honey, white chocolate, or hazelnut sauce (with additional pay if you choose either of the last two). I opted to upgrade my biscuit to the white chocolate, and when I bite into the biscuit drizzled with thick white chocolate sauce, it actually tastes slightly sweet (but not actually, thanks to the buttery and pillowy biscuit helping out balance the flavors). But still, for me, the honey sauce is a better accompaniment to Popeyes's biscuits (but then, the honey sauce at Popeyes has High Fructose Corn Syrup, so for the health-conscious out there, just get either the white chocolate or hazelnut sauce). You can also take home a box of 3 of Popeyes's biscuits!

<h2>Conclusion</h2>
I was indeed sent back to my childhood days, most especially when I finally took a bite again of their famous biscuits with honey after many years! Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen is indeed one of the hottest and trending fast food chains here in Metro Manila! Their Chicken Tenders are the best I have ever tasted, their chicken is, in a way, better than most of its competitors, and the biscuits are very buttery and pillowy (as long as it’s still fresh and hot). The bright orange signs and interiors are indeed an eye catcher, something to stimulate your appetite for chicken and biscuits here at Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen!

So, if you want a good restaurant to have your cheat day, you know where to go! 🙂

<h2>Restaurant Info</h2>
Address: 4th Floor Robinsons Galleria, Ortigas Center, Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines (+ other branches available)

Opening Hours: 10 AM to 9 PM (Sundays to Thursdays) and 10 AM to 10 PM (Fridays to Saturdays)

Website: http://popeyes.ph/

FB Page: https://www.facebook.com/popeyesph/