<h2>Our Picks</h2>

<h3>Chestnut Cream Jasmine Green Tea</h3>
Let me be honest with you: This jasmine tea is just as good as it gets! You get the slight creaminess from the chestnut cream, which kicked this drink up a notch, but definitely the star of this drink is the refreshing taste of jasmine and green tea!

<h3>Cream Cheese Oreo Milk Tea</h3>
Next is the Cream Cheese Oreo Milk Tea, which, for me, is essentially the good old milk tea taken to a whole new level with crushed Oreos and a topping of cream cheese (and thus this drink is best enjoyed while still cold). As for the taste, it's actually no different from the other milk tea houses around Metro Manila, but the hint of the chocolatey goodness from the crushed Oreos and the slight creaminess of the cream cheese goes a long way!

<h3>Cheesecake and Pearl Milk Tea</h3>
Last on the list is the Cheesecake Pearl Milk Tea, which is actually your typical pearl milk tea, but swaps the pudding for a heap of cheesecake cream at the bottom, which definitely gives this drink some extra creaminess and texture!

<h2>Conclusion</h2>
Even though we only managed to try three of their many famous milk teas, it's already enough to say that Macao Imperial Tea adds a twist to your everyday, ordinary milk tea, with all those innovative toppings like chestnut cream, cream cheese, and cheesecake. It is probably because of this innovativeness that many customers of Macao Imperial Tea continue to form long lines there despite the store's relatively small size. So if you are a certified Milk Tea afficionado, make sure you add that to your list! 🙂

<h2>Restaurant Info</h2>
Address: Maligaya Building, Aurora Boulevard Cor. Anonas Street, Quirino 3-A , Proj. 3, 1102 Quezon City, Metro Manila (+ Other Branches Available)

FB Page: https://www.facebook.com/pg/MacaoImperialTeaPH/posts/